Patch Release notes 4.1.11 (#1855)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes.md

tags: ["release-notes"]
---

## November 30, 2023 - Release 4.1.12

This release contains minor bug fixes.

### Bug Fixes

> - An issue with downloading the backup manifest has been updated to allow the backup manifest to be downloaded by the host cluster successfully every 1-minute interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An issue with downloading the backup manifest has been resolved. Palette now allows the backup manifest to be downloaded by the host cluster at 1-minute intervals.
```
- I feel like we should not say "an issue has been updated", though I also understand if we do not want two sentences in a single bullet.
- I do think that "successfully" and "every" are redundant here with "allow" and "interval" already present.

- The issue with virtual cluster deployments failing when the cluster group's hosts used a proxy has been resolved.

- An issue with EKS cluster creation failing when VPC subnets with the AWS setting **Auto Assign Public IP** set to `false` has been resolved.

- The issue that caused Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) to receive the repave warning message when no repave was required has been resolved.

- A bug that was introduced in Palette 4.1.7 related to image swamp containers failing to start has been resolved.

- AWS clusters using Cilium CNI experiencing issues when applying a taint to a node has been resolved.

- An issue that caused clusters to cycle between the status **Healthy** and **Unhealthy** every 30 minutes has been resolved.

- The issue with AWS clusters using IAM Roles for Service Accounts (IRSA) failing to deploy has been resolved.

> - The issue with new or repaved vSphere cluster nodes are not honoring provided Network Time Protocol (NTP) server settings have been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The issue with new or repaved vSphere cluster nodes not honoring provided Network Time Protocol (NTP) server settings have been resolved.
```
